Create rule S6491: std::format numeric types should be 0-padded using the numerical padding and not the character padding (CPP-3952) (#1454)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6491/cfamily/rule.adoc

`std::format` and the related formatting functions provide two different options to pad numerical values up to a specific width:

* The usual character padding that applies to many types and looks like: `std::format(“{:*>5}”, num);`. This adds as many '*' characters as necessary to reach a width of 5.

> * Adding the number 0 just before the width to declare a numeric padding: `std::format(“{:05}”, num);`. This numeric padding adds 0 before the number and therefore takes no alignment option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adding the number 0 just before the width to declare numeric padding: `std::format(“{:05}”, num);`. This numeric padding adds 0 before the number and therefore takes no alignment option.
```

> When working with numeric values, one almost always wants to use the numeric padding as it will work correctly with signed numbers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with numeric values, one almost always wants to use the numeric padding as it works correctly with signed numbers:
```
